[17.0][MIG] mrp_bom_component_menu (#1224)
OCA/manufacture: mrp_bom_component_menu/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module, you need to:

> 1.  Go to menu *Manufacturing -\> Master Data -\> Bill of Material
>     Components*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Go to menu *Manufacturing -\> Products -\> Bill of Material
    Components*.
```
I see that the Menu name got changed from previous versions. We can update the README to make it better understandable.
